Fix broken hyperlink (#7673)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/Vulnerability-Processing.md

## What to expect

> Vulnerability processing in Fleet detects vulnerable software installed on your hosts. To see what software vulnerability processing covers, check out the [Coverage section on this page)(#coverage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vulnerability processing in Fleet detects vulnerable software installed on your hosts. To see what software vulnerability processing covers, check out the [Coverage section on the Vulnerability processing doc)(#coverage).
```

> Vulnerability processing in Fleet detects vulnerable software installed on your hosts. To see what software vulnerability processing covers, check out the [Coverage section on the Vulnerability processing doc)(#coverage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vulnerability processing in Fleet detects vulnerable software installed on your hosts. To see what software vulnerability processing covers, check out the [Coverage section on the Vulnerability processing doc](#coverage).
```
